Okay, we are going to step through the
assignment step by step and I'm going to
do a live coding style. So you can see
everything I'm going to do here to
complete the assignment. So what we want
to do is create a new entity for UnitOf
Measure. We're going to create a
unidirectional relationship of
one-to-one unidirectional relationship
from Ingredient to UnitOfMeasure. We are
not going to cascade any persistence
events from Ingredient to UnitOfMeasure
because we definitely don't want to do
that. And just toggle over to Chrome here,
we are creating that relationship there
in the bottom right hand side of
Ingredient to UnitOfMeasure. You can
see it's set up as a one-way
relationship and it's a one-to-one
relationship. So we just need to go in
and complete this. I'm going to toggle
over to IntelliJ now. So I have a bunch
of stuff open as usual and I am going to
go in and first thing I'm going to do is
create a new branch here. I'm going to
call that one-to-one-jpa-assign-review and
get that in to GitHub for you guys if
want to check this in. Now the first
thing that we want to do is create this
UnitOfMeasure class here. I'm going to
come in and I'm cheating it. I copied
that to the clipboard and say new Java
class, paste that in, UnitOfMeasure, say
ok, yes and by my erd we have one
property, uom String. Let's call that
description instead. Now we also want to
make this an entity. I'm using the javax
persistence Entity annotation and we
also want to give it an id value for the
database.
And that property we want to annotate
with the Id annotation, then we're also
going to use the GeneratedValue and a
GenerationType of IDENTITY. So that
creates our POJO. I'm going to come in
here also hitting command N for getter and
setter. We're going to generate those.
Shift and arrow down to highlight both
properties, now you can just hit enter and we see
that IntelliJ goes ahead and creates the
getters and setters for that. Little
ceremonial code that we get to create
in Java. Now we want to go in and modify
our Ingredient class. So I'd already
stubbed this out so now we have that
property and we do need to set up the
getter and setter. So I'm going to come
down to the bottom. Do a command N getter
and setter. So now we can access that
property okay and now what we want to
do is say a one-to-one and I'm going to
show you something here. Now I'm pretty
sure on the one-to-one, the FetchType is
going to be eager but I'm going to
explicitly do that and I'm just doing
that to show you how you can set this
FetchType there. So we do want that
loaded every time. That is the default
behavior but sometimes doing something
like this, it's handy to show the intent.
So you're saying hey I want this as
one-to-one and by that way, Hibernate
I want you to get it every time. So I want
you use the eager fetch type and might
not be apparent even though it is the
default for somebody else reading the
code coming behind you, that could be
handy for them to trigger in their
memory. Yeah, this is going to be
retrieved every time from the database.
So let's double check the assignment. So
we created a UnitOfMeasure which we
did. We created a unidirectional
relationship from Ingredient to UnitOf
Measure. We did that and we did not
to a cascade operation. So just to recap
the diagram. So we created the Ingredient,
a relationship from Ingredient as a one
to one from UnitOfMeasure. And we will
do a quick code review of that. So we set
up unit to measure, pretty simple POJO
here as property of id, description,
getters and setters, annotated with the
Entity annotation, Id, generated values
thing that we're going to get a id value
from the database and then Ingredient. We
added in that property UnitOfMeasure
and we annotated it with the one-to-one
annotation. And then inside of IntelliJ, I
can come in and say commit directory, adding
in the comment, completing assignment and
I like to just do optimized imports.
You can optionally do perform code
analysis check to do this. That is the
default of IntelliJ. I usually override it
to just cleaning up the imports and now
we can say go ahead commit and push and
that's going to push it up to GitHub
where it will be available for you to
check out.